# Cookie Policy

Effective Date: September 25, 2023

## What are cookies?

This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them, the
types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies
and how that information is used, and how to manage the cookie
settings.
        
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of
information. They are stored on your device when the website is loaded
on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function
properly, make it more secure, provide better user experience, and
understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and
where it needs improvement.

## How do we use cookies?</h5>

As most of the online services, our website uses first-party and
third-party cookies for several purposes. First-party cookies are
mostly necessary for the website to function the right way.
       
The third-party cookies used on our website are mainly for
understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our
website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that
are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and
improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions
with our website.

## Types of Cookies we use

### Necessary
Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this
site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent
preferences.

### Analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the
website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the
number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

## Manage cookie preferences
You can change your cookie preferences any time by clicking the link in the footer of any page on our site. 
This will let you revisit the cookie consent banner and change
your preferences or withdraw your consent right away.

In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to
block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings
of your browser to block/delete the cookies. Listed below are the
links to the support documents on how to manage and delete cookies
from the major web browsers.

  - [Chrome](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050)
  - [Safari](https://support.apple.com/en-in/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac)
  - [Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox)
  - [Internet Explorer](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer-bca9446f-d873-78de-77ba-d42645fa52fc)

If you are using any other web browser, please visit your browser's official support documents.


Cookie Policy Generated By [CookieYes - Cookie Policy Generator](https://www.cookieyes.com).
